Docs update model install instructions (#3769)
PecanProject/pecan: book_source/03_topical_pages/03_pecan_xml.Rmd

##### `met`: Meteorological inputs {#xml-run-inputs-met}

See the `PEcAn.data.atmosphere` package documentation for more details.
In particular, users working with meteorological inputs should focus on
the data download functions and the `met2CF` conversion utilities, which
handle retrieval of raw meteorological products and conversion to

> CF-compliant NetCDF files used by PEcAn.

Reviewer: This is good advice for people who want to understand the met conversion system, but not very useful to this page's intended use as a guide to the tags used in a pecan XML file.

##### `soil`: Soil inputs {#xml-run-inputs-soil}

Soil inputs are handled through the `PEcAn.data.land` module.
For full technical details, see the

> [PEcAn.data.land package documentation](https://pecan.ncsa.illinois.edu/pkgdocs/PEcAn.data.land/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PEcAn.data.land package documentation](https://pecanproject.github.io/package-documentation/develop/PEcAn.data.land/).
```

In practice, most PEcAn workflows do not rely on automated soil data
processing at runtime. Instead, users typically preprocess soil data
and provide standardized `soil.nc` files that are referenced directly
in `pecan.xml`.

Although automated soil processing is supported in principle, there are
currently only two soil data products commonly used in PEcAn workflows:
gSSURGO and SoilGrids.

The `<soil>` element in `pecan.xml` is primarily used to specify paths to
preprocessed soil inputs rather than to trigger on-the-fly data
processing.

Note that some models reference soil inputs using the `<soil>` tag,

> while others use `<soilphysics>`. This inconsistency is historical and

Reviewer: Funny story, I wasted an hour earlier this month finding the place I made this exact typo in a model run 🙈 
```suggestion
while others use `<soil_physics>`. This inconsistency is historical and
```
